built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
DroppingHandle
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
DroppingHandle
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
DroppingHandle
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
handle not created
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
rarg adius: 141
rarg adius: 431
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
built clam tree for arrhythmia
start node name root
cardinality: 12
cardinality: 452
radius: 430295.78125
rarg adius: 0.022517436561427597
DroppingHandle
